Hello everyone and welcome to your next interview problem.
This one is called find the missing elements.
So here's the problem statement.
Consider an array of non-negative integers.
A second Turei is formed by shuffling the elements of the first array and then deleting random elements
.
Given these two arrays find which element is missing in the second array.
So here's an example and put the first array shuffle and the number 5 is removed to construct the second
array.
So you have 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 and then on the second array we have 3 7 2 1 4 6.
So your function which will call find here should be able to take in both arguments and then find the
missing number.
Go ahead and fill out your solution below.
Here in Finder and then you can test your solution by running the cell.
Here are some examples of what should output.
All right that's it and I'll see you at the next lecture.
Thanks everyone.